docs: Use extension mechanism for dashboard nodes in integration guides (#1374)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/integration/dynatrace/README.md

- [Integrate With Dynatrace](#integrate-with-dynatrace)
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Table of Content](#table-of-content)
  - [Prerequisistes](#prerequisistes)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Prepare the Namespace](#prepare-the-namespace)
  - [Dynatrace Setup](#dynatrace-setup)
  - [Telemetry Module Setup](#telemetry-module-setup)
    - [Create Secret](#create-secret)
    - [Ingest Traces](#ingest-traces)
    - [Ingest Metrics](#ingest-metrics)

> ## Prerequisistes

Reviewer: :D

## Prepare the Namespace

> 1. Export your namespace you want to use for Dynatrace as a variable with following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Export the namespace you want to use for Dynatrace as a variable with the following command:
```

   
  This approach works well with workloads that expose metrics in the typical Prometheus format when not running with Istio.
  If you use Istio, you must disable Istio interception for the relevant metric port with the [traffic.istio.io/excludeInboundPorts](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/annotations/#TrafficExcludeInboundPorts) annotation. To collect Istio metrics from the envoys themselves, you need additional Dynatrace annotations for every workload. 

## Set Up Kyma Dashboard Integration

For easier access from the Kyma dashboard, add links to new navigation under **Dynatrace**.

1. Apply the ConfigMaps:

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/telemetry-manager/main/docs/user/integration/dynatrace/kyma-dashboard-configmap.yaml
    ```

> If you're secret has a different name or namespace, then download the file first and adjust the used namespace and name accordingly in the 'dataSources' section of the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If your Secret has a different name or namespace, then download the file first and adjust the namespace and name accordingly in the 'dataSources' section of the file.
```
